Add docs to set permissions due to Kubernetes bug (#1191)
redhat-developer/service-binding-operator: docs/userguide/modules/projecting-binding-data/pages/projecting-binding-data.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> **For using the binding data directory name to look up the binding data:** The {servicebinding-title} uses the `ServiceBinding` resource name (.`metadata.name`) as the binding data directory name, but the spec also provides a way to override that name through the `.spec.name` field. Hence there is a chance for binding data name collision. However, due to the nature of the volume mount in Kubernetes, the binding data directory will contain values from only one of the `Secret` resources.

Author: @sadlerap 
This change was an accidental change. My editor removed the extra whitespace at the end of the lines.

I hope you must be checked the other note.

. To project the binding data as files, determine the destination folder by ensuring that the existing `SERVICE_BINDING_ROOT` environment variable is present in the container where your workload runs.
. To project the binding data as environment variables, set the value for the `.spec.bindAsFiles` parameter to `false` from the `ServiceBinding` resource in the custom resource (CR).

[NOTE]
====

> The projected files gets the default permission.  If the service expects a specific permission, say `0600`, that's not possible due [a bug in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/57923).  As a workaround, the application can copy the file to `/tmp` directory and set the appropriate permissions.

Reviewer: I think I like this wording a bit better.
```suggestion
By default, the projected files get their permissions set to 0644.  {servicebinding-title} cannot set specific permissions due to [a bug in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/57923), which causes issues if the service expects a specific permission, such as `0600`.  As a workaround, the application can copy the file to `/tmp` directory and set the appropriate permissions.
```

> By default, the projected files get their permissions set to 0644.  {servicebinding-title} cannot set specific permissions due to [a bug in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/57923), which causes issues if the service expects a specific permission, such as `0600`.  As a workaround, the application can copy the file to `/tmp` directory and set the appropriate permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the projected files get their permissions set to 0644.  {servicebinding-title} cannot set specific permissions due to [a bug in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/57923) that causes issues if the service expects specific permissions such as, `0600`.  As a workaround, you can modify the code of the program or the application that is running inside a workload resource to copy the file to the `/tmp` directory and set the appropriate permissions.
```
